feat: Use functional integration importants for JS SDKs (#9056)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/performance/beforeNavigate-example/javascript.mdx

> One common use case is parameterizing transaction names. For both `pageload` and `navigation` transactions, the `BrowserTracing` integration uses the browser's `window.location` value to generate a transaction name. Using `beforeStartSpan` you can modify the transaction name to make it more generic, so that, for example, transactions named `GET /users/12312012` and `GET /users/11212012` can both be renamed `GET /users/:userid`, so that they'll group together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One common use case is parameterizing transaction names. For both `pageload` and `navigation` transactions, the `BrowserTracing` integration uses the browser's `window.location` value to generate a transaction name. Using `beforeStartSpan` lets you modify the transaction name to make it more generic, so that, for example, transactions named `GET /users/12312012` and `GET /users/11212012` can both be renamed to `GET /users/:userid`. That way they'll be grouped together.
```
